Update RN SKD 4.x to 5.x migration guide to reflect sentry-cli changes (#6511)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/react-native/migration.mdx

Default `breadcrumb.level` is `info`, value `critical` has been removed and `log` is transformed to `debug` on iOS and Android.

> Bundled `sentry-cli` version has been bumped to [v2.10.0](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cli/releases/tag/2.10.0). Check your usage of `sentry-cli` to reflect [breaking changes](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cli/releases/tag/2.0.0). Notable `upload-dsym` has been replaced by `debug-files upload` and requires a path. Check your `Upload Debug Symbols` build step in your Xcode project, the command should look like the example.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bundled `sentry-cli` version has been bumped to [v2.10.0](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cli/releases/tag/2.10.0). Check your usage of `sentry-cli` to reflect [breaking changes](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cli/releases/tag/2.0.0). Note, that `upload-dsym` has been replaced by `debug-files upload` and requires a path. Make sure to check your `Upload Debug Symbols` build step in your Xcode project. The command should look like the example below:

```
